Contig separation (#361)
nf-core/funcscan: docs/usage.md

An [example samplesheet](../assets/samplesheet.csv) has been provided with the pipeline.

:::warning
We highly recommend performing quality control on input contigs before running the pipeline. You may not receive results for some tools if none of the contigs in a FASTA file reach certain thresholds. Check parameter documentation for relevant minimum contig parameters.

> For example, by default BGC screening requires contigs of at least 3000bp (see `--contig_qc_lengththreshold`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, by default BGC screening requires contigs of at least 3,000 bp (see `--contig_qc_lengththreshold`).
```
